hey baby
it's fall in New York and that means
that it's Apple season I know that many
of you may only know Red Delicious or
Golden Delicious but there are so many
different types of apples
there's Macintosh Joan of Gold Honey
Crisp McCune oh my gosh the list is
endless and today I'm gonna show you
what to do with some apples I'm making
baked stuffed apples today so we have
you know to bake an apple you want to
use an apple that has a good vine and
then what you want to get is an apple
corer you take your apple corer and you
put it on the top of the Apple right
just like this and you twist pulls your
little core out
now we're gonna stuff these bad boys so
what I have here is some walnuts little
bit of walnuts and grass-fed butter some
maple sugar some raw honey and raisins
and we're gonna put all of that into a
bowl and also my butter is still hard
and my honey is it's in its solid state
so what I'm gonna do is just heat them a
little bit I'm just gonna heat them a
little bit to melt them
okay so while that's melting I'm just
gonna put our we have some cloves and a
little bit of cinnamon this is ground
cloves I'm going to put a little bit of
ground cloves in here and about a you
know maybe a half teaspoon of cinnamon
our honey and butter is melted together
and I'm going to add that to our mixture
oh my god that smells so good good
if you are in here I'd be licking this
spoon all up licking the pan oh my gosh
so now I'm going to stuff our apples and
I'm gonna try it with this big spoon but
I don't know if that yeah that would
actually work I'm gonna stuff them all
the way down this is such a great fall
treat
this is a good messy dish get your
fingers all up in it don't sweat it I'm
gonna put a quarter cup of apple cider
in the bottom of the dish and what's
going to happen is that's going to
reduce and turn into like almost like a
caramelized liquid but this is just so I
have a little something extra at the end
so I can reduce it and make a really
great like a dressing for them this is
gonna go into the oven at 350 for about
45 to 50 minutes I'm gonna take our
apples out yeah baby and you can see
that these two apples exploded exploding
apples happen so what you want to do is
just you know take one we're gonna use
this one here and then remember I said
that I poured in the extra apple juice
in the bottom to make some sauce that's
right we're gonna put that right on top
there you have it big stuffed apples
totally simple totally delicious perfect
for fall excellent dessert you can do
this at home I promise and the tool of
destruction you poke their eye out just
get it so these are our baked stuffed
apples yes how's our director says stuff
exploded